NIAD-0: Add description template to all pull requests. (#20)
nhsconnect/integration-adaptor-lab-results: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Description

> Please briefly explain the changes you made here.

Reviewer: I wouldn't say "briefly". PR descriptions should be thorough enough to explain the functionality and reasons for design choices made. I'd rather a PR author erred on the side of giving too much detail than too little. What do you think?

Author: Good shout. Yeah happy with that

## Jira Ticket

Please add link to the Jira ticket.

## Coding Standards

> https://gpitbjss.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/NIA/pages/2108522539/Java+Coding+Standards

Reviewer: This doesn't feel helpful. As a team we should be following the coding standards, but this is just bloating PR descriptions. We'll end up just automatically ignoring it, like banner-blindness. Maybe this link should be given in the Development section of the README.md?

Author: Added to the README

## Checklist

> - [ ] Acceptance Criteria met
> - [ ] Branch named {feature|task|bug|hotfix}/{NIAD-*}
> - [ ] Commit messages are meaningful
> - [ ] Manually tested
> - [ ] All unit tests passing
> - [ ] All integration tests passing
> - [ ] Pulled latest main into feature branch
> - [ ] Code reviewed
> - [ ] If your pull request depends on any other, please link them in the description
> - [ ] main branch is passing/green on CI

Reviewer: Some of these we can see from the github checks (Branch name, unit tests passing, integration tests passing, code reviewed) and others can become outdated (pulled latest main, main branch is green). One suggestion for re-wording. Would also suggest a tick for reviewing our own code prior to asking others to do so, and a reminder for any documentation tasks:

```suggestion
- [ ] Acceptance Criteria met
- [ ] Commit messages are meaningful
- [ ] Manually tested
- [ ] All PR dependencies linked in the description
- [ ] Reviewed own code
- [ ] Any required documentation updates are complete
```

Reviewer 2: I think keeping documentation up to date is important, so keen for that checkbox to be added

Author: True. The GitHub checks obviously will never be removed, I included them in the checklist as it's still part of our "Ready to merge". But happy to take them out
